Copyright Gregory Price, 2023

RESTRICTIVE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you ("Licensee")
and Gregory Price, the author and copyright holder of the enclosed software ("Software").

1. GRANT OF LICENSE

Gregory Price grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the
the Software on a single device for the purpose of evaluation. You may not
distribute, share, or allow any other person or entity to use the Software.
This license does not grant you any rights to the source code of the Software,
nor may you create derivative works based on the software.

2. COPYRIGHT

The Software is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
You acknowledge that no title to the intellectual property in the Software is
transferred to you. You further acknowledge that title and full ownership rights
to the Software will remain the exclusive property of Gregory Price, and
you will not acquire any rights to the Software, except as expressly set forth
above.

3. RESTRICTIONS

You may not copy, modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create
derivative works of the Software. You may not rent, lease, loan, sublicense,
distribute, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software. Any attempt to do so
will result in immediate termination of this license.

4. TERMINATION

This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice if you fail to comply
with any of its terms. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of the
Software.  Upon completion of evaluation, you must destroy all copies of the
software.

5. DISCLAIMER

The Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either express or
implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness
for a particular purpose.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event will Gregory Price be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out
of the use of or inability to use this Software.

By using the Software, you acknowledge that you have read this Agreement,
understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.

